hey this is presto Walker Jess wants two
hundred ribbons of length 110
centimeters for a party however the
ribbons were sold at 25 meters per tape
how many tapes we'll just need this
problem is sparking controversy because
it was given to primary school students
in Singapore however many adults could
not solve this problem and felt it was
too tricky to be given to 12 year old
students can you figure it out give this
problem a try and when you're ready keep
watching the video for the solution
while this problem is not too difficult
it is fairly tricky and I myself came up
with the wrong answer by using the wrong
approach the first pitfall is that the
problem involves multiple units of
measurement so we need to make sure to
use only one unit of measurement I will
convert everything to meters the first
step I'll say that the hundred and ten
centimeters of each ribbon equals one
point one meters for each ribbon next I
multiplied the one point one meters by
the two hundred ribbons that were needed
to get the total length of 220 meters I
then took that total length and divided
by the 25 meters per tape to get that
there would be 8.8 tapes needed to
produce that length I then said since
eight tapes are too few we would need
nine tapes in total but this is the
wrong answer in fact 10 tapes are needed
why is that the reason is we shouldn't
be considering just the total length of
ribbon but we need to consider how much
ribbon is used per tape each tape has 25
meters so we need to take the 25 meters
per tape and divide it by the
point one meters per ribbon we end up
that each tape can produce 22 whole
ribbons plus an excess amount but this
is not a whole ribbon amount it's less
than one so each tape can make 22 whole
ribbons and then we're gonna have some
excess material which is going to be
wasted now technically you could try and
combine this excess material between the
tapes but nowhere in the problem does it
say that you can do that so you'd likely
have to assume that the excess material
goes wasted so you would have to say
that each tape can produce 22 whole
ribbons from there we know that we need
200 total ribbons so we divide that by
the 22 ribbons per tape to get that
we'll need nine plus one over eleven
tapes in other words we'll need more
than nine tapes since 90s are too few we
will need 10 tapes to produce all the
200 ribbons so this is a fairly tricky
question and getting to the correct
answer 10 tapes requires some thoughtful
process of considering the dimensions
and the excess material of each tape did
you figure out this problem thanks for
watching this video please subscribe to
my channel I make videos on math you can
catch me on my blog mind your decisions
which you can follow on Facebook Google+
and patreon you can catch me on social
media at pres Harker and if you like
this video please check out my books
there are links in the video description